docs: mention the v0.8 restrictions on negative unary (#11208)
ethereum/solidity: docs/080-breaking-changes.rst

- Combine ``c.f{gas: 10000}{value: 1}()`` to ``c.f{gas: 10000, value: 1}()``.
- Change ``msg.sender.transfer(x)`` to ``payable(msg.sender).transfer(x)`` or use a stored variable of ``address payable`` type.
- Change ``x**y**z`` to ``(x**y)**z``.
- Use inline assembly as a replacement for ``log0``, ..., ``log4``.

> - Negate unsigned integers by subtracting them from the max uint and adding 1 (e.g. `type(uint256).max - x + 1`, while ensuring that `x` is not zero)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Negate unsigned integers by subtracting them from the maximum value of the type and adding 1 (e.g. ``type(uint256).max - x + 1``, while ensuring that `x` is not zero)
```
